welcome to basic evening tipping knocks
I like to keep on top of my weight
Masaryk add some time to time I'm
determined not to let myself balloon up
like some of the YouTube chefs have done
in recent times so after today's work
have I'm gonna move to something I'm
gonna do a stir-fry beef with orange and
there's enough here for two people I've
got 300 grams of lean beef village this
is rump steak which I've cut across the
grain and then cut into these really
thin strips I've got one carrot that
I've cut into thin matchsticks two
spring onions thinly sliced the juice
and the grated rind of an orange about
an inch of ginger which I've peeled and
finely chopped a tablespoon of soy sauce
and a teaspoon of corn flour at the
orange juice and the orange rind into
the beef mix well now pop this in the
fridge to marinate for at least 30
minutes after 30 minutes drain the meat
and we're going to keep the juice now
mix the meat with the soy sauce the
ginger and the corn flour now we're
ready to cook I'm hinting two teaspoons
of vegetable oil in a pan this is
actually sesame orchid it gives a lovely
taste I'll add in the beef then stir fry
over medium high heat for about five
minutes
that's looking really nice now add in
the carrots stir fry for another three
minutes and let the carrots nice and
tender voice the carrots have softened
up in the spring onion and preserved
liquid turn the heat down a little and
let the sauce thicken a bit finally
season with salt and pepper then serve
serve with rice or noodles for a hearty
beefy oranges gingery dish oh I can't
wait to get something beefy inside me
join me next time in titli's busy
kitchen with me to take me home
until next time what happens